Why are there so many people? Isn't it Chinese New Year soon?
They are all in a hurry to go home.
I'm a little hungry and happened to bring food from home
Yes, it's cold.
Yes, it would be nice if there was a barrel of instant noodles.
You can eat something hot
Right.
In this era, Kang Shuaifu braised beef noodles have not yet come out
When Mr. Wei discovered that mainlanders appeared from afar
No barrels of pasta
A record 61 packs of Kang Shuaifu instant noodles sold annually
Yes, it's Spring Festival travel soon.
What a huge opportunity.
What's up?
Wife, don't eat
Let's do something important with me first
But
Aren't you going to get into the Xiaobawang game console?
Wait until I'm done with this
Let's go to the bully game console together
How about this?
You go back first
I will go to the south to buy goods by myself.
Anyway, you've already told me all the points
What's wrong with me?
You look down on me
I've had some experience managing textile mills recently
Well, I'm no worse than Yu Shuang now
I believe you.
Put things here
Be careful yourself
Earth, you have changed so much.
I can't fall behind either
The purchase channel of the Xiaobawang game console this time
I will definitely get through